The sun sets over the calm sea.
Dreams inspire us to reach new heights.
Laughter echoes through the cheerful park.
Time flies when you're having fun.
Love blooms in unexpected places.
Stars twinkle in the night sky.
Raindrops dance on the windowpane.
A warm hug can heal a wounded heart.
Nature's beauty soothes the soul.
Hope shines even in the darkest moments.
Flowers are blooming.
Walking under the moonlight.
Cherish precious memories.
The sunset colors the horizon.
Hello everyone.
Good morning.
Good afternoon.
I am fine thank you.
Dreams are my reality.
Met you by surprise.
I didn't realize.
That my life would change for ever.
Saw you standing there.
I didn't know I'd care.
There was something special in the air.
Dreams are my reality.
The only kind of real fantasy.
Illusions are a common thing.
I try to live in dreams.
It seems as if it's meant to be.
Dreams are my reality.
A different kind of reality.
I dream of loving in the night.
And loving seems all right.
Although it's only fantasy.
If you do exist.
Honey, don't resist.
Show me your new way of loving.
Tell me that it's true.
Show me what to do.
I feel something special about you.
Dreams are my reality.
The only kind of reality.
Maybe my foolishness is past.
And maybe now at last.
I'll see how the real thing can be.
Dreams are my reality.
A wondrous world where I like to be.
I dream of holding you all night.
And holding you seems right.
Perhaps that's my reality.
The sun sets over the calm sea.
Dreams inspire us to reach new heights.
Laughter echoes through the cheerful park.
Time flies when you're having fun.
Love blooms in unexpected places.
Stars twinkle in the night sky.
Raindrops dance on the windowpane.
A warm hug can heal a wounded heart.
Nature's beauty soothes the soul.
Hope shines even in the darkest moments.
Linux is a member of the UNIX family of operating systems. 
In computing terms, UNIX has a long history. 
The first part of this chapter provides a brief outline of that history. 
We begin with a description of the origins of the UNIX system and the C programming language.
And then consider the two key currents that led to the Linux system as it exists today.
The GNU project and the development of the Linux kernel.
All waiting threads are awoken.
One thread is scheduled first. 
This thread checks the state of the shared variables under protection of the associated mutex.
And sees that there is work to be done. 
The thread performs the required work, changes the state of the shared variables.
To indicate that the work has been done, and unlocks the associated mutex.
Each of the remaining threads in turn locks the mutex and tests the state of the shared variable. 
However, because of the change made by the first thread.
These threads see that there is no work to be done, and so unlock the mutex and go back to sleep.
A condition variable holds no state information. 
It is simply a mechanism for communicating information about the application’s state. 
If no thread is waiting on the condition variable at the time that it is signaled, then the signal is lost. 
A thread that later waits on the condition variable will unblock only when the variable is signaled once more.
Let’s revise our previous example to use a condition variable. 
The declarations of our global variable and associated mutex and condition variable are as follows.
The thread locks the mutex in preparation for checking the state of the shared variable.
The state of the shared variable is checked.
If the shared variable is not in the desired state, then the thread must unlock the mutex. 
So that other threads can access the shared variable.
Before it goes to sleep on the condition variable.
When the thread is reawakened because the condition variable has been signaled.
The mutex must once more be locked.
Since, typically, the thread then immediately accesses the shared variable.
The greater sharing provided by threads comes at a cost.
Threaded applications must employ synchronization primitives.
Such as mutexes and condition variables in order to coordinate access to shared variables. 
A mutex provides exclusive access to a shared variable. 
A condition variable allows one or more threads to wait for notification.
That some other thread has changed the state of a shared variable.